TELL HIM!
SHUT UP.
TELL ME WHAT?
YOU WON'T EVEN
LOOK AT HIM.
COME ON, TELL ME.
I COULD USE ANOTHER REASON
WHY WOMEN WON'T LOOK AT ME.
Rachel:
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
LAST NIGHT, I HAD A DREAM
THAT, UM, YOU AND I WERE, UH...
DOING IT
ON THIS TABLE.
WOW!
EXCELLENT DREAM SCORE.
WHY, WHY...
WHY WOULD YOU DREAM THAT?
MORE IMPORTANTLY:
WAS I ANY GOOD?
WELL, YOU WERE PRETTY DAMN
"ANY GOOD."
INTERESTING, 'CAUSE IN MY DREAMS
I'M SURPRISINGLY INADEQUATE.
WELL, LAST NIGHT,
YOU SEEMED TO KNOW YOUR WAY
AROUND THE TABLE.
( forced chuckle )
I LOVE IT
WHEN WE SHARE.
YOU OKAY THERE?
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU TWO
HAD SEX IN HER DREAM.
WELL, I'M SORRY.
IT WAS A ONE-TIME THING.
I WAS VERY DRUNK
AND IT WAS SOMEONE
ELSE'S SUBCONSCIOUS.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT FEELS LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HELLO, RACHEL.
GET OFF.
OOH! GIVE ME.
CAN YOU SEE ME
OPERATING A DRILL PRESS?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT ARE YOU WEARING?
PHEEBS, WHY WOULD YOU WANT
TO OPERATE A DRILL PRESS?
JUST FOR SOME SHORT-TERM WORK.
TILL I GET BACK
SOME OF MY MASSAGE CLIENTS.
PIRATES AGAIN?
NO. NOTHING LIKE THAT.
I'M JUST...
SUCH A DUMMY.
I TAUGHT THIS "MASSAGE
YOURSELF AT HOME" WORKSHOP.
AND THEY ARE.
HEY, HEY, CHAN--
SHE COULD WORK FOR YOU.
THANKS, JOEY.
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
I COULD. I COULD DO IT!
WHAT IS IT?
MY SECRETARY WILL BE OUT
FOR A COUPLE WEEKS.
SHE'S HAVING ONE
OF HER BOOBS REDUCED.
IT'S A WHOLE BIG BOOB STORY.
I COULD BE A SECRETARY.
PHEEBS, I DON'T KNOW
IF IT'S YOUR KIND OF THING
BECAUSE IT INVOLVES
A LOT OF BEING NORMAL...
FOR A LARGE PORTION OF THE DAY.
I COULD DO THAT.
WHAT ARE YOU
PLAYING WITH?
IT'S MY NEW BEEPER.
WHY DOES A PALEONTOLOGIST
NEED A BEEPER?
IS IT FOR
DINOSAUR EMERGENCIES?
"HELP! COME QUICK!
THEY'RE STILL EXTINCT!"
NO. IT'S FOR WHEN CAROL
GOES INTO LABOR.
SHE CAN GET ME WHEREVER I AM.
ALL SHE HAS TO DO
IS DIAL 55-JIMBO.
A COOL PHONE NUMBER
AND A POSSIBLE NAME
FOR THE KID.
SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
OFF TO SEE YOUNG ETHAN?
THANK YOU.
HOW YOUNG IS
YOUNG ETHAN? YOUNG?
HE'S... OUR AGE.
WHEN WE WERE..?
OKAY. HE'S A SENIOR
IN COLLEGE.
COLLEGE?
WHOA.
AND THIS MAN-CHILD
HAS NO PROBLEM
WITH HOW OLD
YOU ARE?
NO. OF COURSE NOT.
IT'S NOT EVEN AN ISSUE.
'CAUSE I TOLD HIM I WAS 22.
WHAT?
OH, I CAN'T PASS FOR 22?
MAYBE 25, 26.
I AM 26.
THERE YOU GO.
( phone ringing )
( phone still ringing )
CAN YOU HEAR THAT?
YEAH.
YOU SEE, THAT'LL STOP
WHEN YOU PICK UP
THE PHONE.
OH!
OOH! I'M ON.
OKAY.
( even voice: )
MR. BING'S OFFICE.
NO, I'M SORRY.
HE'S IN A MEETING
RIGHT NOW.
I'M NOT IN A MEETING.
WILL HE KNOW WHAT THIS
IS IN REFERENCE TO?
AND HE HAS YOUR NUMBER?
I'LL SEE THAT
HE GETS THE MESSAGE.
BYE-BYE.
WHA...
ROSS SAYS HI.
AH.
THIS IS SO FUN.
WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
WELL, NOW, I ACTUALLY
HAVE TO GET TO WORK.
"MOST LIKELY."
( dry chuckling )
OKAY. I'M GOING
TO BE OUT THERE.
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
BYE-BYE.
( intercom beeps )
YES?
Phoebe:
What you doin'?
OKAY, WINDOWS ARE CLEAN.
CANDLES ARE LIT.
BELT'S TOO TIGHT.
GOT TO CHANGE THE BELT.
DID I TURN THE FISH?
NOPE. 'CAUSE I MADE LASAGNA.
AM I OUT OF CONTROL?
JUST A TOUCH.
MON, I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
YOU'VE BEEN DATING THIS GUY
SINCE LIKE, WHAT, HIS MIDTERMS.
WHY ALL
OF A SUDDEN
ARE YOU SO...
OHHH.
WHAT?
COULD TONIGHT BE THE NIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW.
LOOK, HE'S A GREAT GUY.
I LOVE BEING WITH HIM
BUT, YOU KNOW,
THINGS HAPPEN WHEN THEY HAPPEN.
YOU DON'T PLAN THESE THINGS.
OH. SO DID YOU SHAVE YOUR LEGS?
YEAH.
UH-HUH.
WOULD YOU
LET IT GO, ROSS?
IT WAS JUST A DREAM.
IT DOESN'T MEAN...
( beeping )
OOH-HOO!
OOH, THIS IS IT!
OH, MY GOD!
IT'S BABY TIME!
RELAX.
BE COOL. BE COOL.
YEAH, HI.
I WAS JUST BEEPED.
NO. ANDRE IS NOT HERE.
THIRD TIME TODAY.
YES, I AM SURE.
NO, SIR, I DO NOT PERFORM
THOSE KIND OF SERVICES.
SERVICES?
OOH. SERVICES.
YEAH, YOU WANT
55-JUMBO.
YEP.
THAT'S RIGHT.
JUMBO WITH A "U," SIR.
NO. BELIEVE ME,
YOU DON'T WANT ME.
JUDGING BY HIS NUMBER,
I'D BE A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.
ALL RIGHTY. BYE-BYE.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
Joey:
HEY, HEY! HOW WAS
THE FIRST DAY?
OH. EXCELLENT.
EVERYONE WAS SO,
SO NICE.
SEE? IT PAYS TO KNOW
THE MAN WHO WEARS MY SHOES.
ME.
OH.
NO, I DIDN'T TELL
ANYBODY THAT I KNEW YOU.
WHY NOT?
WELL, BECAUSE, YOU KNOW...
THEY DON'T LIKE YOU.
WHAT?
I THOUGHT YOU KNEW.
NUH-UH.
WHO DOESN'T LIKE ME?
EVERYONE.
EXCEPT FOR, UM...
NO. EVERYONE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
DON'T FEEL BAD.
THEY USED TO LIKE YOU
A LOT.
BUT THEN YOU GOT
PROMOTED, AND NOW
YOU'RE LIKE MR. BOSS MAN.
YOU KNOW, MR. BING.
BOSS MAN BING.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
YEAH, YEAH. THEY EVEN DO YOU.
THEY DO ME?
YOU KNOW, LIKE, UM... OKAY.
"COULD THAT REPORT BE
ANY LATER?"
( both laughing )
I DON'T SOUND LIKE THAT.
YEAH, YOU DO.
"THE HILLS ARE ALIVE
WITH THE SOUND...
OF MUSIC."
MY SCONE!
Both:
I DON'T SOUND LIKE THAT.
THAT IS SO NOT TRUE.
THAT IS SO NOT...
THAT IS SO NO...
THAT...
OH, SHUT UP!
YOU DID NOT.
YES. UP UNTIL
I WAS NINE
I THOUGHT GUNPOINT
WAS AN ACTUAL PLACE
WHERE CRIMES HAPPEN.
HOW IS THAT?
IT'S ALWAYS ON THE NEWS:
"A MAN IS BEING HELD UP
AT GUNPOINT."
"TOURISTS ARE BEING TERRORIZED
AND I JUST
KEPT THINKING
"WHY DO PEOPLE CONTINUE
TO GO THERE?"
OH, AH...
I SHOULD GO.
OKAY.
UNLESS...
WHAT?
UH, UH, UNLESS
YOU WANT TO STAY OVER.
I MEAN,
I'M GOING TO, SO...
YEAH. I'D REALLY
LIKE THAT.
( both moaning )
UH...
BEFORE WE GET INTO
ANY STAYING-OVER STUFF
THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU SHOULD KNOW.
OKAY.
IS THIS LIKE
"I HAVE AN EARLY
CLASS TOMORROW,"
OR, "I'M SECRETLY
MARRIED TO A GOAT"?
WELL, IT'S SOMEWHERE
IN BETWEEN.
YOU SEE, IN A STRICTLY
TECHNICAL SENSE, OF COURSE
I'M NOT, UH...
WELL, I MEAN,
I HAVEN'T EVER, UM...
ETHAN?
YEAH?
ARE YOU A VIRGIN?
WELL... IF THAT'S
WHAT YOU KIDS
ARE CALLING IT
THESE DAYS
THEN, YES, I AM.
I, UH, I'VE KIND OF
BEEN WAITING
FOR THE RIGHT PERSON.
REALLY?
YEAH.
YOU DO KNOW
I WAS TALKING
ABOUT YOU, RIGHT?
WOW!
YOU KEEP
SAYING THAT.
YOU KNOW,
YOU READ ABOUT IT.
YOU SEE IT
IN THE MOVIES
EVEN WHEN YOU
PRACTICE IT AT HOME
MAN, OH, MAN...
IT IS NOTHING
LIKE THAT.
OH!
LISTEN.
UM, YOU TOLD ME
SOMETHING
THAT WAS REALLY
DIFFICULT FOR YOU
AND I FIGURE
IF YOU CAN BE HONEST
THEN I CAN TOO.
OH, GOD! DON'T SAY
I DID IT WRONG.
NO, NO, NO.
NOTHING WRONG
ABOUT THAT.
OH.
UM, OKAY. HERE GOES.
I'M NOT 22.
I'M, I'M 25...
AND 13 MONTHS.
HUH.
BUT I FIGURE
THAT SHOULDN'T
CHANGE ANYTHING.
WHAT DOES IT MATTER
HOW OLD WE ARE?
UH, LISTEN, UM...
AS LONG AS WE'RE
TELLING STUFF, UH...
I HAVE ANOTHER
ONE FOR YOU.
I'M A LITTLE
YOUNGER THAN I SAID.
YOU'RE NOT A SENIOR?
OH, I'M A SENIOR...
IN HIGH SCHOOL.
O-KAY.
WHAT WE DID WAS WRONG.
OH, GOD.
I JUST HAD SEX
WITH SOMEONE
WHO WASN'T ALIVE
DURING THE BICENTENNIAL.
I JUST HAD SEX.
ETHAN, FOCUS.
HOW COULD YOU
NOT TELL ME?
YOU NEVER TOLD ME
HOW OLD YOU WERE.
WELL, THAT'S DIFFERENT.
MY LIE DIDN'T MAKE ONE OF US
A FELON IN 48 STATES.
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
I WASN'T.
I WAS TOO BUSY FALLING...
DON'T SAY IT.
IN LOVE WITH YOU.
REALLY?
SORRY.
WELL, FALL OUT OF IT.
YOU KNOW, YOU SHOULDN'T
EVEN BE HERE.
IT'S A SCHOOL NIGHT.
OH, GOD. OH, GOD.
I'M LIKE THOSE WOMEN
THAT YOU SEE
WITH SHINY GUYS NAMED CHAD.
I'M JOAN COLLINS.
WHO?
OKAY, ANDRE SHOULD BE THERE
IN ABOUT 45 MINUTES.
ALL RIGHTY. BYE-BYE.
UH... IT'S JUST EASIER
THAT WAY.
OH, COME ON.
YOU TOLD ME ABOUT
THE LAST DREAM.
NO! FORGET IT.
WHY NOT? WAS I DOING
SOMETHING PARTICULARLY...
SAUCY?
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
UM...
WELL, YOU WERE NOT
THE ONLY ONE THERE.
JOEY WAS THERE TOO.
ALL RIGHT.
WAS THERE, UH..?
( chuckling )
ANYBODY...
ANYBODY ELSE THERE?
NO.
YOU SURE?
NOBODY HANDING OUT MINTS
OR ANYTHING?
NO. IT WAS JUST
THE THREE OF US.
OH.
SO, WAS IT LIKE
YOU AND CHANDLER
AND THEN YOU AND ME
OR YOU AND ME
AND CHANDLER?
( laughs )
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHAT?
THERE WERE TIMES...
WHEN IT WASN'T EVEN ME.
OOH...
( both laugh knowingly )
THAT IS SO SWEET, YOU GUYS.
MON...
HEY.
MON, ETHAN CALLED AGAIN.
MON?
All:
MON!
WHAT?
ETHAN CALLED AGAIN.
OH.
YOU'RE NOT SEEING HIM ANYMORE?
NO.
YOU KNOW, SOMETIMES THINGS
DON'T WORK OUT.
AND THIS HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH THE FACT
THAT HE NEEDS A NOTE
TO GET OUT OF GYM?
I DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
I DID NOT SAY ANYTHING.
I SWEAR.
HE STOPPED BY.
Joey:
NEXT TIME
YOU TALK TO HIM
ASK HIM WHICH ONE
THE STRONGEST POWER RANGER IS.
OH, YEAH.
( feigns laughter )
OH, MY LIFE IS JUST SO AMUSING.
CAN WE DROP IT NOW?
SURE.
SORRY.
IT'S MORPHIN TIME!
STEGOSAURUS!
TYRANNOSAURUS!
( guys grunting )
OOH, OH, I GOT TO GO.
WHOA. OOH, HEAD RUSH.
OH.
ONE MORE AND THEN I HAVE TO GO.
COOL.
WHERE YOU GOING?
OH, I GOT A BIRTHDAY PARTY
WITH SOME WORK PEOPLE.
WORK PEOPLE?
NOBODY TOLD ME.
NO, I KNOW.
THAT'S PART OF THE WHOLE
THEM-NOT-LIKING-YOU
EXTRAVAGANZA.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
I DON'T GET THIS.
A MONTH AGO
THESE PEOPLE WERE MY FRIENDS.
JUST BECAUSE I'M IN CHARGE
DOESN'T MEAN
I'M A DIFFERENT PERSON.
THEN YOU SHOULD
COME TONIGHT.
LET THEM SEE
WHAT A GREAT GUY YOU STILL ARE.
YOU THINK SO?
I REALLY DO. YEAH.
OKAY.
OH, BUT COULD WE
NOT GO TOGETHER?
I DON'T WANT TO BE THE GEEK
WHO INVITED THE BOSS.
Chandler:
AND I THINK LAST NIGHT
WAS GREAT
YOU KNOW, THE
KARAOKE THING
TRACY AND I DOING
"EBONY AND IVORY."
YOU WERE GREAT,
BUT THEY STILL MADE FUN OF YOU.
WHAT?
YOU KNOW, NOW YOU'RE MORE LIKE
MR. CARING BOSS--
MR. I'M-ONE-OF-YOU BOSS
MR. I-WANT-TO-BE-YOUR-BUDDY
BOSS-MAN BING.
THEN I DON'T GET IT.
WELL... YOU KNOW WHAT,
CHANDLER
I THINK YOU JUST
GOT TO FACE IT.
YOU'RE LIKE THE GUY
IN THE BIG OFFICE.
YOU'RE THE ONE THAT HIRES THEM
AND FIRES THEM.
THEY SAY YOU'RE A GREAT BOSS.
THEY DO?
UH-HUH, BUT THEY'RE NOT
YOUR FRIENDS ANYMORE.
BUT I JUST WANT TO...
BUT YOU CAN'T.
BUT I JUST WANT...
NUH-UH.
( beeping )
OH, GOD...
AREN'T YOU GOING TO..?
CAROL AND I HAVE A NEW SYSTEM.
IF SHE PUNCHES IN 911
IT MEANS SHE'S HAVING A BABY.
OTHERWISE, I JUST IGNORE IT.
WHAT ABOUT ANDRE?
WELL, THIS MORNING
HE GOT A CALL
FROM WHAT I THINK
WAS OUR COUSIN NATHAN
AND FRANKLY, IT
WAS A LITTLE MORE
THAN I NEEDED TO KNOW.
HEY.
THAT WAS GOING TO BE MY OPENING.
HEY, DID YOU GUYS CHECK OUT
THOSE NEW HAND DRYERS
IN THE BATHROOM?
I THOUGHT THAT WAS
JUST A RUMOR.
TRUE STORY.
I GOT TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.
I'M NOT 17.
I ONLY SAID THAT
SO YOU'D THINK I WAS
CUTE AND VULNERABLE.
I'M ACTUALLY 30.
I HAVE A WIFE, A JOB.
I'M YOUR CONGRESSMAN.
MONICA, THIS
IS RIDICULOUS.
WE ARE GREAT TOGETHER.
WE CAN TALK, WE MAKE
EACH OTHER LAUGH
AND THE SEX...
OKAY. I HAVE NO
FRAME OF REFERENCE
BUT I THOUGHT
THAT WAS GREAT.
IT WAS.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
THEN IT'S, UM...
IT'S ICKY.
ICKY?
YOU'RE ACTUALLY GOING
TO THROW THIS AWAY
BECAUSE IT'S ICKY?
LOOK, THIS ISN'T EASY
FOR ME EITHER.
I WISH THINGS
WERE DIFFERENT.
IF YOU WERE
A FEW YEARS OLDER
OR I WAS
A FEW YEARS YOUNGER OR...
WE LIVED
IN BIBLICAL TIMES...
I-- I COULD REALLY...
NO, DON'T SAY IT.
LOVE YOU.
ARE YOUR HANDS
STILL WET?
MOIST.
LET'S DRY THEM AGAIN.
I'M LIKE, "CAN THESE MARGARITAS
BE ANY STRONGER?"
HEY, CHANDLER.
HELLO, MR. BING.
LOVED YOUR STEVIE
WONDER LAST NIGHT.
THANKS. LISTEN,
ABOUT THE WEEKLY NUMBERS
I'M GOING TO NEED THEM
ON MY DESK BY 9:00.
SURE.
NO PROBLEM.
YOU HAVE TO GIVE THEM
SOMETHING, YOU KNOW.
THAT WAS GERSTON, SANTOS...
WHO'S THE GUY
WITH THE MOUSTACHE?
PEETRIE.
RIGHT. SOME PEOPLE ARE
GOING TO BE WORKING...
THIS WEEKEND.
( moaning )
OH, THAT'S NICE.
OHH...
OH.
OH, ROSS!
ROSS?
I'M HERE.
YOU ARE?
UM...
WE WERE, UM...
WE WERE... JUST...
WOW.
WHAT?
( beeping )
GREAT. NOW I'M
HAVING A BABY.
WHAT?!
WHOA!
I'M HAVING A BABY!
OH, MY GOD!
THE PHONE, THE PHONE!
I DON'T HAVE THE PHONE.
( yells )
ROSS?
I'M HURT.
MONICA, LET'S GO!
COME ON! WOMAN IN LABOR.
LOOK WHAT I GOT GOING HERE.
SAVE IT FOR THE CAB.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WE'RE GOING TO A HOSPITAL.
I CAN'T LOOK NICE?
THERE'S DOCTORS THERE.
JOEY, GET OUT
OF THE FRIDGE.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
WHAT IS THAT?
FOR THE RIDE.
YEAH, LIKE IN A CAB...
SAVE IT!
OKAY. HATING THIS.
MONICA, COME ON,
NOW! LET'S GO!
BABY COMING.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
I'M GOING TO BE AN AUNT.
I'M GOING TO HAVE A NEPHEW.
OH, THAT'S NICE.
GET OUT.
LET'S GO. COME ON.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
I'M GOING.
HERE WE GO.
ROSSY...
COME ON.
COME ON, ROSSY.
ROSSY, COME ON.